Change the `bal build` command in Package references page (#8583)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/source-code-dependencies/package-references.md

### The `org` field

> The organization is a logical name used for grouping modules together under a common namespace within a repository. Building a library package with `bal pack` and pushing a library package into a repository will fail without an organization name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The organization is a logical name used for grouping modules together under a common namespace within a repository. ```

> Organization names can only contain alphanumerics, underscore, and the maximum length is 256 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organization name is mandatory and can only contain alphanumerics, underscore, and the maximum length is 256 characters.
```

### The `org` field

> The organization is a logical name used for grouping modules together under a common namespace within a repository. 

Reviewer 2: why removing this sentence?

Author: Removed via https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/8583#discussion_r1461556684. @azinneera

Reviewer: The compilation itself fails and so we don't need to say about publishing. The next sentence says that its mandatory which gives the information.
